And so let's go to the
Auto Scaling Service in AWS to you have a look at it.
So as you can see, there's a dedicated console
for the Auto Scaling itself.
So we can find scalable resources
by CloudFormation stack or by tags
or by Auto Scaling groups.
So as you can see, we can select the DemoASG right now,
and I click on next.
Then we need to specify a demo name,
so a name for this scaling plan, so DemoScalingPlan.
Then what do we want to optimize my ASG for?
So as you can see this is an alternative
to configuring scaling directly from here.
You can do scaling directly from the Auto Scaling UI,
so you can optimize for availability
to be stabilizing at 40%.
You can balance, optimize for cost or custom.
And in custom you can choose your own metric
as well as a target value, okay?
But let's say for example,
we want to optimize for availability.
Do we want on top of it to enable predictive scaling,
yes or no?
And dynamic scaling, yes or no, okay?
And then it will specify you the configuration details.
So here we are choosing CPU utilization
and have a target value of 40%.
And when you're done, you click on next,
then you can set up your DemoASG, okay?
And so we want to configure some advanced settings.
For example, we can set up all the settings here
to change their values if we wanted to.
Same for dynamic scaling and same for predictive scaling.
Then I'll click on next.
And then we review and we would create this scaling plan
and we'll be good to go.
So I'm not going to do it because it's going to create
the exact same thing that we had from before.
But as you can see from within the Auto Scaling UI,
you can not only configure Auto Scaling group,
but also if we had easier services
or if we DynamoDB tables and so on,
we could find them here and then set up an Auto Scaling plan
that will be appearing right here in these
Auto Scaling plans for you to have a central place
to manage them, okay?
So that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.